docs: update @override docs with multiple usage note (#1871)
apollographql/federation: docs/source/federation-spec.md

directive @override(from: String!) on FIELD_DEFINITION
```

> The `@override` directive is used to indicate that the current subgraph is taking responsibility for resolving the marked field _away_ from the subgraph specified in the `from` argument. The directive is meant to only be used once on a field in the supergraph, so usage over multiple subgraphs will throw a composition error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@override` directive is used to indicate that the current subgraph is taking responsibility for resolving the marked field _away_ from the subgraph specified in the `from` argument.

> Only one subgraph can `@override` any given field. If multiple subgraphs attempt to `@override` the same field, a composition error occurs.
```
